fix: capture PR number for Azure (#26215)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

 - Fixed a compatibility issue so that component test projects can use [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) version 4.2.0 and greater. Fixes [#26138](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/26138).
 - Changed the way that Git hashes are loaded so that non-relevant runs are excluded from the Debug page. Fixes [#26058](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/26058).
 - Capture the [Buildkite](https://buildkite.com/) CI provider's environment variable `BUILDKITE_RETRY_COUNT` to handle CI retries in the Cloud. Addressed in [25750](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/25750).

>  - Capture the [Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/) CI provider's environment variable [`SYSTEM_PULLREQUEST_PULLREQUESTNUMBER`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/build/variables?view=azure-devops&tabs=yaml#system-variables-devops-services) to display the value in the Cloud. Addressed in [26215](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/26215).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Capture the [Buildkite](https://buildkite.com/) CI provider's environment variable `BUILDKITE_RETRY_COUNT` to handle CI retries in the Cloud. Addressed in [#25750](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/25750).
 - Capture the [Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/) CI provider's environment variable [`SYSTEM_PULLREQUEST_PULLREQUESTNUMBER`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/build/variables?view=azure-devops&tabs=yaml#system-variables-devops-services) to display the value in the Cloud. Addressed in [#26215](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/26215).
```

**Misc:**

 - Made some minor styling updates to the Debug page. Addresses [#26041](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/26041).
 - Capture the [Buildkite](https://buildkite.com/) CI provider's environment variable `BUILDKITE_RETRY_COUNT` to handle CI retries in the Cloud. Addressed in [25750](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/25750).

>  - Capture the [Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/) CI provider's environment variable [`SYSTEM_PULLREQUEST_PULLREQUESTNUMBER`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/build/variables?view=azure-devops&tabs=yaml#system-variables-devops-services) to display the value in the Cloud. Addressed in [26215](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/26215)

Reviewer: I expect this to be either a bug fix or feature enhancement, not listed as a misc update

Author: I just updated it to be under Bugfixes

Author: I just updated it to be under Bugfixes

 - Changed the way that Git hashes are loaded so that non-relevant runs are excluded from the Debug page. Fixes [#26058](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/26058).
 - Corrected the [`.type()`](https://docs.cypress.io/api/commands/type) command to account for shadow root elements when determining whether or not focus needs to be simulated before typing. Fixes [#26198](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/26198).
 - Fixed an issue where an incorrect working directory could be used for Git operations on Windows. Fixes [#23317](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/23317).
 - Capture the [Buildkite](https://buildkite.com/) CI provider's environment variable `BUILDKITE_RETRY_COUNT` to handle CI retries in the Cloud. Addressed in [#25750](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/25750).

>  - Capture the [Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/) CI provider's environment variable [`SYSTEM_PULLREQUEST_PULLREQUESTNUMBER`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/build/variables?view=azure-devops&tabs=yaml#system-variables-devops-services) to display the value in the Cloud. Addressed in [#26215](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/26215).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Capture the [Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/) CI provider's environment variable [`SYSTEM_PULLREQUEST_PULLREQUESTNUMBER`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/build/variables?view=azure-devops&tabs=yaml#system-variables-devops-services) to display the linked PR number in the Cloud. Addressed in [#26215](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/26215).
```

Reviewer: This entry needs moved to the unreleased section
